## Code Structure
### main.py
Run this script to interface with the encoders and get data. This script automatically chooses the ports to read, initiates encoder serial connections, reads, writes, and live plots the data untill terminated. Saves all data read during a run to a .csv file for later use.
- Edit the rendering class contained in ``rendering.py`` (adapted from https://github.com/LukeBatteas/EncoderTestBench) if need to change the appearance of the live plot

### helpers.py
This script contains all functions called by ``main.py`` to execute the script. If any bugs occur, look here.

**PROBLEMS**

- ``animPlot()`` can not exit without a terminal restart. This causes all future code calls to not execute.
- Tried to avoid by multithreading, but in this case the function never moves beyond ``serial.inwaiting`` call???
- See ``thread_test.py`` for example of simple multithreading that works, but fails when using ``animPlot()``
- More documentation here:
  - https://docs.python.org/3/library/multiprocessing.html
  - https://superfastpython.com/multiprocessing-in-python/#Python_Processes
 
### plot_data.py
Run this script to generate plots of full run data. Contains two options, one for single plot and one for multiplot. Use code blocks to run each type.

**PROBLEMS**
- No global variables currently set, so encoder type variables (``enc_name1, enc_name2``) must be set locally

**FIXES**
- Issue of timing data fixed by simply reading the first and last time stamp recorded in the .csv generated by main to get full run time for each sensor
